---

layout: post  
title: Same Page  
date: 2016-06-20 06:30:00  
author: Jordan O'Connor  
categories:
description: Things work when we are on the same page.

---

My wife and I just passed the 1 year mark on our marriage! It's really awesome and I couldn't be happier with where we are today. Even in this past short year we have grown as individuals and have achieved a lot. We had a great year of success, and the future is way brighter.


We are definitely on the same page about a lot of things when it comes to priorities, success, finances and each other. We have goals and dreams individually, and support each other corporately. This helps make out marriage go really smoothly.


You see, we believe in something better than the standard quo. We believe that the best years are in front of us, not behind us. The notion that having a kid is going to inhibit our goals and dreams is bogus, and the suggestion that the first few years of our marriage is going to be the hardest just isn't true.


Yeah, these things will be hard. Sure, a typical person would feel overwhelmed at the level of responsibility and effort it will take to maintain everything in their life. But that's not us, no. We are called to a higher standard. We live at a high level of success, communication, passion,  and love. We find ways to make our priorities work together and benefit the family as a whole.


> We consider success an ethical and moral duty to our family. It's not a question of, "will I be successful?" It's a statement of, "It is our duty to be successful."


I love you Hannah, and I am proud of how far we have come. We will be awesome parents, and we will be so successful in the years to come.


---

I've refocused my business site today to be just web development for businesses. I also changed the name to [BCKBNE.CO][site]. I did this because I needed to focus down my business to one thing, and I also didn't really want the business of fixing people's devices.


My goal right now is to make my first $1000\. That's my goal. I'm not going to put a timeline on it or stipulations, but rather I'm just going to talk about how I am going to get there.


I will start by trying to get a list of small businesses in Rochester, and I will look at their websites. I will cold-call and email those businesses to let them know of my services and tell them how I can improve their website so they can attract more customers. I will continually follow up to make the sale until they say no.


It's really not any harder than that. The difference between successful people and unsuccessful people is that the successful people are willing to do the things that others aren't, and they have priorities that have a successful purpose and are not focused on their entertainment or gratification.


I'll probably start this agenda today - maybe this afternoon. I'm super pumped about helping people make better websites and helping them feel good about their business.


I'm also really pumped that I am doing this. I'm glad I am just taking the plunge and not waiting for my dreams to show up one day like most people. I'm going to go out and capture them myself.


Jordan

[site]:http://bckbne.co
