---
layout: post
title: Building
date: 2016-06-08 06:30:00
author: Jordan O'Connor
categories:
description: Sticking to one thing and not getting distracted
---

After several months, there is a path that I have chosen, and now I need to
stay here and build on it. I can't go around trying out different ideas and
spending my time elsewhere. This is my work now, and it won't get done unless
I build it myself.

I have chosen the path of starting my own computer repair business because it
will allow me to bring in cash in a direct amount to how much effort I put into
it. It is also something that is easy for me, and is a great precursor into
small business practices.

As I have said before, the hardest thing for me will be getting clients. It's
just not my strongpoint yet. I'll need to learn how to reach out to those who
might need me, and find the best ways for people to find me. This will need to
be a big focus for me over the coming months. Doing the work will be easy,
getting it is what will prove difficult.

I'm in a good place to start building for my own success. My day job covers all
of my expenses, I have time allotted for building a client based business on the
side, and I am balancing things that are important to me like family, exercise
and faith.

This pattern will go on for a few years, I have to accept that. I put myself in
this box when I took out all of my student loans. I've learned a lot since then,
and wish I had a bit more common sense when starting that journey.

Building takes time. It takes focused effort over time. It needs to be
consistently brought to the forefront of my attention, and it needs to be
high on my priority list.

One thing that I'll need to get better at is explicitly planning my day out so
I get things done during the time that I am supposed to be spending on them.
This includes both my side gig and my day job. My day job requires attention and
planning so that I don't get laid off or something because they think I'm not
getting my work done. Getting laid off would put everything on hold.

This will need to happen the night before. Also, I need to be getting to bed on
time. The past two days I have gotten up at 5AM instead of 4AM because I have
been going to bed around 11PM. 5 hours of sleep is just not enough. I need at
least 6.

This brings even more importance to me spending time with Hannah in the evening.
Since I need to be going to bed at a certain point, our time is not unlimited.
Also, when the business picks up, I will be spending less time with Hannah in
the evenings because I will be out on calls or whatnot.

I'm really excited about all of this, and I am heading in the right direction.
It's time to build something foundational for me to use as a platform for my
success.

Jordan

[site]: http://backboneelectronics.com
