---
layout: post
title: Crush It
date: 2016-06-09 06:30:00
author: Jordan O'Connor
categories:
description: Now that I have a focus, I can crush it.
---

Things aren't the same as they were a few weeks ago. Now I have a focus, now I
have something to pursue. One thing to pursue. This makes life less complicated,
more fulfilling, and easier to crush. With only having one focus (from a
passion and work perspective), I can truly dedicate the necessary energy and
resources to be successful.

I created my first ads today. It was definitely cumbersome trying to think of
ad material on the spot. I'll need to hold on to my stuff so I can repeat some
things - with a twist of course.

It also took longer than I thought it would. Mostly because I didn't plan the
content ahead of time. But, last night I talked with Hannah briefly about what
I was going to accomplish this morning and I crushed that. I think both the
planning and the accountability make for a great motivator in my mind.

I only got up at 5AM today because that is what I have done all week. I'll kick
it back to 4AM next week. I definitely could have used the extra time this
morning. I still need to get a workout in.

I like having my own business, it's a neat way to be kept accountable for
working hard. It's obvious to people when you give up, and it would be very hard
for me to justify quitting. I hope that I can gain some credibility in the
community around me and begin to get clients. That's my biggest hurdle right
now.

Having one focus is great. It brings me clarity. I don't have to sit and think
about what project I should try tomorrow, or what venture I want to pursue. Its
a simple answer now: work on my business. As long as I maintain planning the
night before, I will be able to rush every morning that comes my way.

Now, I need to begin crushing it more at my day job. I just need to be more
aggressive about getting my work done, asking for more work and socializing
with my coworkers. There are new people in the engineering group and I have
no idea who they are. I don't think that is good, and I should be one of the
first people that new employees meet because of how awesome I am (#yeahright).

Seanwes is supposed to be putting out material next week about making your
first $1000. Hopefully I can apply their technique to my business!

Jordan

[site]: http://backboneelectronics.com
