---
layout: post
title: 'Day 1: Day 1'
date: '2016-03-07T10:21:00.001-05:00'
author: Jordan O'Connor
tags:
modified_time: '2016-03-07T10:41:40.044-05:00'
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-1202201332823762457.post-6717888969661604404
blogger_orig_url: http://dailyblog.jordanmoconnor.com/2016/03/day-1-day-1.html
---

**This is a Blog for Me**

This is something I want to do because I need to create more than I consume

I’m planning on doing a blog everyday. Every. Single. Day. For an entire year. It won’t have a planned theme, audience, agenda or content. The only think planned about this blog is that it is going to happen everyday.

About me: I’m 23, soon to be 24. I work a 9 - 5 job as an electrical engineer for a big company. I graduated from the Rochester Institute of Technology in 2014 with a bachelor’s in electrical engineering. I have a beautiful wife, Hannah, and a baby on the way (due August 12th).

I’m about 8 months into having adulthood thrown at me, and I feel like I’m already plateauing. Plateauing in terms of my growth as an individual. I have severe conflicts with who I want to be and who I usually end up being at the end of the day.

I love my life. It is amazing. I have a great family and great friends, a great (squishy/comfortable) job, plenty of opportunity and time for success, and I’m genuinely healthy.

I hate my life. It is awful. I have a great family and great friends, a great (squishy/comfortable) job, plenty of opportunity and time for success, and I’m genuinely healthy.

It makes me lazy. It makes me not think about the things I need to do to grow and change as an individual. It allows me to stagnate, get fat, not care, work less, and consume consume consume. It makes me think I am better than I am, and that I am entitled to the things I have.

I put on a good show, sure. Many people I know think I have it all together. I don’t, and it’s time I actually owned up to that. I’m not the best person that I could be. I’m not working as hard as I could be. I’m not as healthy as I could be. I’m not as invested in my relationships as I could be.

I am declaring war on my life. My default self - my genuine self, sucks. That needs to change. My default self needs to realize that I should not take anything for granted, and that I need to work harder than anyone on the planet. My default self needs to wake up every morning and *create*, not wake up and *consume*. My default self needs to be the person I could be, not the person I am.

This feels good.

Jordan
