---
layout: post
title: 'Day 38: Time'
date: '2016-04-17T22:00:00.001-04:00'
author: Jordan O'Connor
tags:
modified_time: '2016-04-17T22:02:20.045-04:00'
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-1202201332823762457.post-6122642338975224284
blogger_orig_url: http://dailyblog.jordanmoconnor.com/2016/04/day-38-time.html
---

Time is a tool. It’s also a gift, a reminder and a limit.

Time is a lot of things, and it’s really up to us how we use it and manage it.

I often don’t like to think about time, because that requires effort and maintenance. It’s as if I can ignore it and it will leave me alone.

But the best thing I can do with my time is pay attention and manage it properly. It takes work, care and a plan to truly make the most of the time given to us.

I’m becoming more obsessed with the thought of not wasting any of my time and putting it all towards the things that are most important to me. Things like family and work and learning.

But I also want to be flexible to allocate for the priorities at hand. I don’t want to make decisions based on what I want to do more than I want to make decisions based on what matters most in that moment.

Sometimes, working hard and earning a living matters most in a give moment. Sometimes, spending specific time with my wife and communicating with her is most important. One day, taking time out of every day to spend with my kids will be a very important part of my time.

I want to make the most of what I have. I don’t want to waste what I have been given. That would be a shame. I wouldn’t be able to live with myself. I would die a regretful man.

I don’t want to hack my time as if it is only a tool, it’s a gift that should be shared. I don’t want to treat it as if it is endless, because we all know it’s not.

As the saying goes, “Time will tell…”. Time will tell what your priorities have been and what kind of a person you have become as a result. I want to make sure that my time honors my legacy with pride.

I like to think about how many successful and influential people have the same amount of time in a day as I do. It’s the one thing that levels the playing field. If they can do what they have done with the time they have been given, so can I.

I want to be the hardest working person I know, but I also want to be the best father, husband and friend that I know. It’s a tough balance. Sometimes I will get it wrong, but time will tell.

Jordan
