---
layout: post  
title: Thrown In
date: 2016-09-05 10:00 am  
author: Jordan O'Connor  
categories:
description: Get thrown into the mix and see what happens!
---

I have some definite strengths, and definite weaknesses. This new venture for me is a product of me coming to face with that realization.

I develop. I am a developer. It’s how I think, respond and implement. I am a leader, a pioneer in the things that I have a passion for. I am a teacher, I want to show people they can do powerful things with systems of common tasks.

I am not a salesman, a businessman, or a social butterfly. I do not boast, I do not talk about things that I don’t have any idea about. I don’t like pushing people into things, I don’t like the thought of clients.

I want my work to speak for itself, and with proper marketing, sell itself. I want my work to be products that help people serve people and lead people to a better life.

## Thrown In

Thrown was my effort to being a client facing business. I tried, but I hated it. I just want to create the things that I want to create and allow them to help people along the way.

Thrown In is my new chapter. Thrown in is going to be the source of content and instruction on how to build tools, products and businesses using web technologies (starting with an emphasis on Javascript).

Get thrown in - this is the way to learn. The way to grow organically. The way to actually finish the things that you start. Once you are thrown into the mix, the only thing to do is do.

I want to start by writing weekly (at least) content that will outline the things that I learn as I build my first product, Smallest to Largest. It will outline the tools I use, the processes I develop and the paths I take.

I want to document the timeline that shows me becoming the developer that I want to be. I want it to be a story that shows that anyone can go from no experience to success story by following a well defined path and direction.

I want this content to bring credibility, mastery and traffic to my personal brand. I want to be known for this thing. Known for creating this source of knowledge, and the products I create.
Building a Brand

I needed something to put action to the things that I have been learning. I have been learning about building a personal brand using word of mouth, consistent content and organic marketing.

I have also been increasing my productivity, but I needed a way to document my story. My story will be valuable to many people, because I come from a place that many people are in. One that isn’t moving forward, and comes from little experience in the thing you want to do.

Not everything has to point back to me, and I don’t even have to be the source of all of the content. I do want there to be enough such that people know me for it. I want them to think, “Oh, Jordan O’Connor, the web product guy.”

All of this has multiple purposes. I need to be able to keep track of the things that I do, I need to be able to document the things that I do, and I need to be able to share the things that I do. It all starts with writing, and it all will be beneficial in the future.

## Overlap

This is all part of my overlap. My overlap out of my day job and into the job that I want to create for myself.

One thing that I need to stop doing, is trying to turn my day job into the job that I want. If I am doing my passion at my day job, I will get burnt out and not actually follow it.

I need to keep my day job separate, and work hard at it for the time being. There is no harm in showing up and being enthusiastic about my day job work, even though it isn’t my passion.

That has been my biggest problem lately. I sulk and mope about spending time on work that I don’t want to be doing, when in reality I need to be working hard always and putting my best foot forward. The relationships I make here are important, and I never know what may be forged because of them.

This process may take a few years, and that’s okay. My life isn’t luxurious right now, and it doesn’t need to be. I just need to make sure I keep working hard to provide for the needs of my family and make sure that I am financially stable enough to keep moving forward.

Jordan @getthrownin
