---
layout: post
title: My Time
date: 2016-04-28 13:00:00
author: Jordan O'Connor
categories:
- blog
- time
description: Breaking up my tasks over time builds an engine that cannot die
---

My extra time doesn't have to be spent on only one thing. I'm so used to rushing through projects and completing things soon after I start them that I am having a hard time adjusting to a slower paced learning style.

Often times, I'll get caught up in one idea and obsess over it until I finish it or quit on it because it's not working fast enough. I tend to be a patient person with people, but with my ideas and work I am about the most impatient person I know.

I want to hustle, but the misleading thing about the term "hustle" is that you think it would be fast. In reality, the hustle is more like a daily grind. Something that you work at everyday towards a goal, not necessarily quickly.

Now, it's good to work fast and efficiently. But part of success is finding a path and sticking to it. The people that get out early and never truly let something take its course are the ones who lose.

I want to build a solid business from the ground up. That's not going to happen overnight. That's going to happen over many nights, many nights of hard work and many nights of frustration, but also many nights of the daily grind.

Right now I am reading a book by the creative group 99U (behance). It's about creating daily schedules/habits that cultivate creativity, efficiency and success. It's really awesome, and there is a lot of practical knowledge in it. Not everything applies to everyone, but it allows you to think outside of the box and find a groove that fits your lifestyle.

Tomorrow I am going to refocus my attention. I will be going over what my goals are and where I will be spending my time. Once I put those into perspective, then I can break my time up and build my daily grind.

I need to worry less about how much I accomplish in one day, and make sure I accomplish all of the things that I plan for that day. It needs to be manageable, spread across my priorities, and accomplishable.

Jordan
